[Hierarchies-react]: rename getFilterPaths to getSearchPaths (#1011)
iTwin/presentation: packages/hierarchies/learning/CustomHierarchyProviders.md

<!-- END EXTRACTION -->

> ## Hierarchy search and filtering
> 
> Hierarchy filtering is divided into two types: full hierarchy filtering, called `search`, and level-specific filtering, referred to as `filtering`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Hierarchy search and hierarchy level filtering

The API has two similar concepts for creating a reduced hierarchy: hierarchy search and hierarchy level filtering. The former is applied to the whole hierarchy, and the latter is applied only on a single hierarchy level. See below for more details.

```

Author: It seems like the documentation was changed in the mean time that this suggestion can no longer be applied via github, will change this manually.

Author: changed

Author: applied manually

> ## Implementing hierarchy search support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Implementing hierarchy search support
```
